	The project on RSA was inspired by mostly curiosity about CIPHER in general. It was very intriguing to discover more in depth; their utility and from that, I dreamed up numerous ideas in C++ including a design for an ancestry test in C++ that was completed during my time in researching RSA. Pertaining to the RSA algorithm, mostly in its mathmatic application and how discrete mathmatics serve as a solid foundation for the code. It is possible that in doing the very arithmatic; M = C^d mod n the transparancy of the algoritm can build sustainable encryption. Obtaining ciphertext by doing modular arithmatic involves first, establishing the public key by multiplying prime values a and b, then applying phi to the result; which is (a-1)*(b-1) and doing the arithmatic method it requires. Then, obtaining the totient of which is greatest common divisor or in other words, its coprime interger. In reality, descending factorialization is helpful in encryption; considering how it works in optimization in encryption. This tool is applied so graciously for programmers. 
	RSA, was invented at MIT for the sake of data transmision. This purpose clearly defines its neccessity. With consideration for the wellbeing of the internet user; its mathmatically iterative elucidation provides a multi-layered block chain inherited by inductive logic. In conclusion, RSA considers a multitude of advantages needed in understanding optimization both logically and mathmatically in its complexity of design.
	Cyber politically, it appears that the alrgorithm has a affinity towards internet projects that promote democtatization and autonomy on the Internet such as independent HTML servers as well as Virtual Private Networks. These environments contribute to the incentive to build an ideally browser centered Internet. This alrustic, considering the concern for the autonomy of the netizen.
	The project behind the research involved considering C++ as a modality in praxis. I used low level C++ to illustrate the function of RSA on a local web page I wrote for a game design project. Observing the compilation and attaching the code to a process; recieving from that, an expeditiously clear Public Key and Private key of prime numbers. This algorithm is considerably, a powerful element in the design of introspective C++; code that responds to its own processes autonomously usually in JSON format. This also known as self reflective code. Code that can self-optimize is a noteable advantage in encryption. In doing thing, code learns from its own code and the with the algorthm as its foundation, can reinforce the evolution a code that self-optimizes; operating almost like a game engine.
	Software Engineering is a powerful facet of programming where the inception of  the CIPHER blockchain as one of its very systems is the RSA algorithm; again which is a contextually mathmatical algorithm, whereas communication occurs within a network of invocation by means of applying the input the principles of the mutltifaceted network with its BlockChain system to assmble the public and private certificate to thus establish a network of defense. To look at Software Engineeing as changeful in optimization; considering both interspective and intropective invocation within a CIPHER framework is most certainly an advantageous mode of reseach when looking into blockchain logic.
	RSA's motive isn't to oppress the Ethical Blackhatter yet to protect the dignity of the internet designer from scam artistry attacks and privacy breeches. It does not de-televise the revolution of the independent minded programmer. RSA is a democratized, independent, universal approach to the cipher block chain. It is versatile, reliable, ethically fair to hacktivism. It is also an infallible learning tool. To democratize this information is also important to consider when designing an introspective RSA. When in the design process, to consider to whom is being protected and to what is being protected involves writing an internet with a discerning, intellengent perspective on humanity and an altruistic soul. RSA does in fact have an equitable and accessable framework. This being examined; with the conclusion about RSA and its cross-platform versatility and open-source/editable/adaptable server framework.
	In conclusion, RSA is establishes a great foundation for the future of introspective code. RSA operates as a great template for code that responds to its own codes. This is demonstrated by its interactive network of input relay and thus simulates autonomous communication within a blockchain sytem. RSA is an open source environment for this kind of learning. This learning is mutable and can be applied to many areas of Software Engineeing such as introspective code, interspective networks, understanding AI through interspective/ introspective networks, involving RSA in encrypting ancestry tests with RSA block chains and designing ancestry tests with low level C++ framework with inspiration from the RSA framework.
	
	